okay it's beer o'clock I'm really I'll
grab beer today we got a beer from seed
Banaras and it's a bottle of their
triple this one's coming in at 8% ABV it
is the old bald-headed monk it's a great
sight to see he's like your friendly
monk you know you're gonna get a great
beer from him it's like he's got his
hand now when he wants to shake your
hand and say or or he's standing outside
of his bar and he's saying coming in
come and try some great beer there he is
right let's get this beer house into a
glass and see what we get look at the
smoke we don't lose any of that
fantastic beer but equally I wanted to
show you that smoke
well look at that
look at that every last drop the beer in
the glass is nice and cloudy you can
hear that has that head fizzing away
it's nice and white to finger color
isn't is there it's a cloudy kind of
lemony color so nice almost raw kind of
looking beer it almost looks like a vice
beer obviously it's not nice carbonation
but a yeast suspended in the glass there
and if you can pick that up at the
bottom let's get the aroma then
mmm spice lemon the smell a bit funky
that classic Belgian dryness on picking
up on that on the nose
it's that candied fruit but it smells
great I'm going to dive in Cheers
yeah that's really good really good that
eight percent alcohol by volume is
hidden so well as a it's a classic
characteristic of a Belgian beer they
can go eight nine ten eleven twelve
percent ABV and they just managed to
hide all of that ABV so well so so well
pick up a little bit of a champagne
quality with that big rushing
carbonation in the mouth mixed with a
slight apple a rumor and taste fizzes
round it's a dry beer it's Apple it's a
bit of pear a nice spice that white
pepper spice
I candied a candied fruit like a like a
sugar-coated apple or something of that
description or maybe just a piece of
sweet candy it's it's the sugars in here
it kind of just all melds together into
being one good good beer all the flavors
the hints of banana there's a bit of
sweet toffee but this is very impressive
again it's a triple its 8% ABV it's
grand stuff not sure if we can pick up
anything on the label I said butter
fermented beer that's all this saying
what fermented if you did you caught
this review by accident or if you just
get into craft beer real ale it's a live
yeast they put in the bottom of each
bottle it gives you that natural
carbonation it's not a forced carbonated
beer no co2 goes into these beers
it's yeast and it's the second
fermentation process and it creates all
of the kind of the bubbles and the
natural co2 in the beer that's how they
do it and that's why they've done it for
hundreds if not thousands of years
probably hundreds I don't imagine they
were bottling beer thousands of years
ago okay sink bananas triple-n let's
give it a final thought and a rating I
like the color I like that lesion on the
glass it's great I can really get get to
be a washing around in the glass nuts
and release all the the great aromas hmm
so you had a combination of sticky
toffee candy through pepper banana this
so much going on with this beer Apple
pay
and then that takes the drinkability for
the 8% is wonderful it slips down
there's no stickiness there's no kind of
glug Guinness as you might expect from
an 8% beer it drinks like the
consistency of a good Vice beer if you
if you tried a few vice beers this
slightly I think I nice medium body to
them but equally they're equally
drinkable it's got all of that and this
is a great beer I'm gonna give this I
think in this one 9 out of 10 it's a
night of time from real ale craft beer
put your comments in the comments but
please subscribe to our daily beer
reviews and cheese